ana
Ha
Then there is no pachi
Poop
The bridge and the residents of the sound limit in yourself is in effect 50 years of illusion asked to another is supported but there yourself
To do
Even a customer is good
I everyone thought
When it is Heidi, it seems to do the effect Kaze
Hmm
More or less balance
It what is and nine bags beneath
Hmm
d
Hit three
All sure that you Noboru Takagi likely it good Aso Seo Mi Yoo
Opposition party this piece is also a clear passion
Not too much
It is true to be
Oh
Furthermore, the name It is a salary collaboration water likely in not a 6 issued
Eight directions and tension
Super king only
Assumed
Probably very great face cleaner also and floating Te and I to some extent in the previous time this I
The left figure that taste will be so is
If you loosen the pillar, it won't bother you
Also it says After all, even gauge been carefully the condition of Te manufacturers and rhino taken
09 5 09 small fish is too 10's thick too the middle
Official document
Tension comparatively all Guitars I move in it myself I've got to adjust yourself
I hope you have people in various places
It would be good if all of the inanimity was related to the tension of the tension string in fact until this order of sound
The current guess I'm slightly higher than the comparatively ordinary people
Game I when the ultra kingu
Referred to as whether to preferably under under the illusion Yubin
Without the height of being tangled, I will not pay for two years of performing arts
Hmm
The cut length is the liver, I'm born, so cheap and so on
Hm
Generally speaking about the length of these three pieces
If it is domestic matter from it, it is already a little ahead of a look
A lot of bread in such is facing the catering
Well look
To host
To the post of the text
It has been wound for a long time
It's a bit slippery here and especially my engraving is so tight that rock
Anymore there
It's true that you will loose from here
I will add it later
First of all, this is also my number and wait over
this
cheek
It is strong and hot even though you haven't put it in
half
Not with respect to a building electric for Tteyuu door When you are caught off the irregular injection by song
The acoustic is received when the falling drops go before and then dad
Yasha store at dad nothing to do dad I also dad and octave
Then daily
In shamisen and two people
John does not smell the star and the body smell by injection
I permanently does not mean it became irregular around
When the vans hag Toka wide slag
Lower semitones
When was this guitar but different by it Well era in
Lower semitone'll remove this spring one
But other custom time
Loosen the screw three quarters, or let it be a problem 4
Hmm
Of floyd rose
Adults who bent at the speed look and tuning speed
So why even words in the morning you were in a little while ago a leaf's
I'm bubber, so it's just fine but I think it 's calming down to Tien traffic level
Where
This Well then teeth Paku'
In more than